	Database Models

1. Hierarchical database model
	- A hierarchical database model is a data model in which the data is organized into a
	tree-like structure. The data is stored as records which are connected to one another
	through links. A record is a collection of fields, with each field containing only one value. 
	- The entity type of a record defines which fields the record contains.
	The hierarchical database model mandates that each child record has only one parent,
	whereas each parent record can have one or more child records. 
	
2. Network database model
	- The network model is a database model conceived as a flexible way of representing objects
	and their relationships. Its distinguishing feature is that the schema, viewed as a graph in 
	which object types are nodes and relationship types are arcs, is not restricted to being a 
	hierarchy or lattice.
	- The network model allows each record to have multiple parent and child records,
	forming a generalized graph structure.
	
3. Relational (table) database model
	- The purpose of the relational model is to provide a declarative method for specifying data
	and queries: users directly state what information the database contains and what information
	they want from it, and let the database management system software take care of describing data
	structures for storing the data and retrieval procedures for answering queries.
	-  This model organizes data into one or more tables (or "relations") of rows and columns,
	with a unique key for each row.
	
4. Object-oriented database model
	- An object database (also object-oriented database management system) is a database management 
	system in which information is represented in the form of objects as used in object-oriented programming.
	- Object databases should be used when there is complex data and/or complex data relationships. 
	This includes a many to many object relationship. Object databases should not be used when there
	would be few join tables and there are large volumes of simple transactional data.